Skip obsolete payload save and cleanup for successful sync webhooks (#16809)
saleor/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Add createdb note to getting started for Windows - #3106 by @ajostergaard
- Update docs on pipenv - #3045 by @jxltom
- Fixed a bug when saving webhook payload to Azure Storage - #16585 by @delemeator
- Added validation for tax data received from tax app - #16720 by @zedzior
- Fixed order-level discounts handling when using tax app for tax calculation - #16696 by @zedzior
- Fixed bug when manual line discount doesn't override line-level vouchers - #16738 by @zedzior

> - Skipped obsolete payload save and cleanup for successfull sync webhooks - #16632 by @cmiacz
> - Skiped obsolete payload save and cleanup for successfull sync webhooks - #16632 by @cmmiacz
> - Skiped obsolete payload save and cleanup for successfull sync webhooks - #16632 by @cmiacz

Reviewer: Fixes duplicate entries, typos, and PR number

```suggestion
- Skipped obsolete payload save and cleanup for successful sync webhooks - #16809 by @cmiacz
```
